A guide to cultural highlights taking place in New York this weekend and over the week ahead. And there's much more where these came from.
A scene from the film.
A guide to cultural highlights taking place in New York this weekend and over the week ahead. And there's much more where these came from.
P.S. Art, an annual juried exhibition of artwork by New York City public school students, is on display at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
A wooden camera that the company made in the late-1970s is still being used. But the the current owner of it is winding down his business.
A new guide to cultural highlights taking place in New York this weekend and over the week ahead. And there's much more where these came from.
Before the awards ceremony, the host James Corden delivered a short message that touched on the massacre in Orlando, Fla.
A new guide to cultural highlights taking place in New York this weekend and over the week ahead. And there's much more where these came from.
The New York Times reporter Andrew Jacobs sits down at the Warhol Museum in Pittsburgh to talk with the Chinese artist Ai Weiwei about a new exhibit pairing his work with that of Andy Warhol.
A new guide to cultural highlights taking place in New York this weekend and over the week ahead. And there's plenty more where these came from.
A preview of the film.
A scene from the film.
An artist, Duke Riley, has trained 2,000 pigeons to fly above the Brooklyn Navy Yard with tiny lights attached to their ankles in a performance that will run every Friday, Saturday and Sunday through June 12.
Mr. Gatewood gravitated toward extreme behavior, extreme people and extreme situations.
Celebrities gathered on the red carpet at The Metropolitan Museum of Art for its annual costume benefit gala on Monday night.
A scene from the film.
A scene from the film.
A scene from the film.
A motorcycle chase scene from the film.
A scene from the play.
Shakespeare is said to have been born, and died, on April 23. This year, the 400th anniversary of his death has prompted an outpouring of celebrations. Here are a highly curated few.
The statistics are unequivocal: Women and minorities are vastly underrepresented in front of and behind the camera. Here, 27 industry players reveal the stories behind the numbers.
Thornton Dial was a self-taught artist whose work from scavenged materials told the story of black struggle in the South.
Around the world, fans of the legendary performer David Bowie paid tribute to the singer, who died from cancer on Sunday.
Wesley Morris, critic-at-large, weighs in on performances we will still be talking about next year.
live video
More than a dozen New York cultural institutions are planning major projects, and fundraisers are racing to tap into the deepest pockets.
Recommendations from The Times arts team.
Contestants from around the globe plucked imaginary strings, competing for the title of Air Guitar World Champion 2015.
Joseph McGill, founder of the Slave Dwelling Project, is sleeping in former slave quarters on Long Island, N.Y.
With private shows, comics in Myanmar try to avoid crackdowns.
Why not wallow?
Over the course of four days in 2005 and 2006, Bill Cosby answered questions posed to him by a lawyer for a woman who said Mr. Cosby had drugged and molested her.
Donald Wexler created steel houses in the Desert Modern style that helped make Palm Springs a showcase for midcentury modernism.
How high can a Lego tower go?
One plane through a building, sure. Two?
The transformation throughout the years it took for Bruce Jenner to become Caitlyn Jenner.
The star of the new TBS comedy series discusses the show at the South by Southwest festival.
Mr. Stern always attributed his success to being in the right place at the right time.
A look back at the career of the acclaimed director Mike Nichols, who died Nov. 20, 2014.
The performance artist Kristina Wong says that marrying herself and stalking the basketball star Jeremy Lin offer opportunities to entertain as well as to question stereotypes about race and gender.
The new NBC sitcom stars Casey Wilson.
Geoffrey Holder, a multitalented artist and performer, died on Sunday.
The celebrated folk singer spent 27 years in New York. Two of his grandchildren, Anna Canoni and Cole Rotante, visit some of the New York locations where he lived.
Film
Theater
Classical
Pop
Art
Lida Moser excelled in capturing the realities of New York life.
Teyonah Parris, Sarah Hyland, Laura Prepon, Jesse Tyler Ferguson and others arrived for the 66th annual Primetime Emmy Awards in Los Angeles.
Lauren Bacall had a long career in film and theater, but she remains best known for the roles she played opposite Humphrey Bogart.
The reporter Dana Jennings on why the comic book may be a better alternative than the movie theater.
Clemens Horak and Stuart Breczinski demonstrate the distinct sound of the Viennese oboe used by the Vienna Philharmonic.
The Vienna Philharmonic has retained a distinct sound that sets it apart from other orchestras in the 21st century. Its uniqueness is attributed to an unusual combination of instruments and style.
A crew prepares itself for a dance battle at the Salaam Kivu International Film Festival in Goma.
Things to do before and after the fireworks this Independence Day weekend.
The illustrator John Romita Jr., a decades-long veteran of Marvel Comics, is now making his DC Comics debut. His first assignment: Drawing Superman.
A waterborne installation in San Francisco combines performance art, urban resistance and a sex-positive philosophy.
The sixth annual Northside Festival in Brooklyn kicks off Thursday and will run through the weekend. There will be hundreds of bands showcasing their latest music. Here are three to check out.
Mr. Williams performed Tuesday night at the storied Harlem theater.
A behind-the-scenes look at the making of our 2014 Tony Awards interactive.
As part of the convention kickoff in Washington, attendees tried to break the world record for the largest gathering of people dressed as comic book characters but fell short of the record, 1,530.
In some cases, collectors can avoid paying taxes on art they buy if they display it out of state before bringing it home. Here is how one collector navigated the system.
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo helps announce the scheduled filming of a TV series based on Marvel characters in New York.
Map of proposed changes
Court papers in one of more than a half dozen lawsuits filed against a defunct Manhattan gallery, Knoedler & Co., reveal just how far the fakes it sold had spread before the fraud was discovered.
Photos of the sketch comedy troupe.
Building on the phenomenal popularity of Korean pop music and soap operas among women in their 20s and 30s, Broadway and Korean producers are turning Seoul into a boomtown for American musicals.
Now, 14 of the 36 known Vermeers can be seen at museums on the Eastern Seaboard.
Kate Bryan, Head of Contemporary at The Fine Art Society Contemporary on Rob and Nick Carter's painting on exhibit at the Frick Collection, "Transforming Still Life."
The festival kicked off on Tuesday.
The NBC series stars Mr. Fox as a news anchor with Parkinson's disease returning from a medical hiatus.
Seth Green and Giovanni Ribisi play men whose fathers move in with them in this new Fox sitcom.
After successful collaborations with the New York Philharmonic, the theater production company Giants Are Small is launching an online video series hosted by Wigglesworth, a puppet.
Seamus Heaney, the accomplished and admired Irish poet, reading from his work over the years.
The 1947 Partition Archive is gathering oral histories of those who lived through the violent split of India and Pakistan.
At a bar in Brooklyn, adults compete in a monthly spelling bee.
In this week's episode, A. O. Scott and David Carr talk about Netflix's amazing evolution, and how people are watching its critically acclaimed shows.
The annual festival, sponsored by the taste-making culture Web site, took place in Union Park last weekend.
In this week's episode, A. O. Scott and David Carr try to decipher all the digital mumbo-jumbo out there, even some (uber) phrases they use themselves.
Money for the arts under Mayor Bloomberg.
Young actors find steady employment as readers in the booming world of audiobooks, and some make it a career.
A. O. Scott and David Carr are joined by the architecture critic Michael Kimmelman to talk about public spaces and projects which, at times, can lead to political upheaval ... and even revolution.
Six actresses discuss the craft of performing for theater, and how roles written for women have evolved.
The troupe will perform at the Joyce Theater Thursday through Sunday.
The festival got off to a rain-soaked start on Friday and then continued through the weekend with an assortment of rock, rap and electronic acts.
David Carr and A.O. Scott discuss the darker side of celebrity culture and America's fascination with witnessing an actress's demise.
Nicki Minaj, 2 Chainz, ASAP Rocky and Kendrick Lamar were among the performers at the 20th edition of the annual concert.
The band, back on tour after a nearly four-year hiatus, performed at Terminal 5 on Wednesday night.
A slide show of photographs of cultural highlights from this week.
A. O. Scott and David Carr discuss privacy, surveillance and how we invite Big Brother into our lives.
On May 19 at Carnegie Hall, Mr. Levine will conduct the Met Orchestra in his first performance in over two years.
During momentous events like the Boston Marathon bombings, how do you get your news? David Carr and A. O. Scott discuss their media diet.
The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival kicked off with performances by IO Echo, Of Monsters and Men and Band of Horses.
Jonathan Winters was a rubber-faced comedian whose unscripted flights of fancy inspired a generation of improvisational comics.
David Carr and A. O. Scott talk about paywalls, what we download, and what entertainment is worth.
David Carr and A. O. Scott look at alternative weekly newspapers, which grew out of the counterculture and are now disappearing.
The Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus has a new show at Barclays Center in Brooklyn.
Images of the opera singer, who died on Wednesday at 99.
Dan Barry narrates a look at two documents from the collection of Jackie Clarke, a fish merchant in Ballina, County Mayo.
A slide show of photographs of cultural highlights from this week including Gilbert Gottfried and a Broadway musical written by Amanda Green and Trey Anastasio of Phish.
Images from the festival in Austin, Texas.
Images from the festival in Austin, Texas.
The hit series is popular all over the world.
The company presented its opening night gala of its three-week season on Tuesday.
As violence permeates what we see on movie, TV and video-game screens, critics for The Times consider the impact.
David Carr and A. O. Scott talk about the Academy Awards and the way social media has enriched live events.
Photographs of cultural highlights from this week including exhibitions at the Morgan Library & Museum and the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Does art retain the power to shock? Must artists contrive to provoke? Join the discussion with artists, critics, reporters and readers.
A. O. Scott and David Carr offer their impressions of Times Square, with some secret revelations. Is it the best place in the world, or the worst?
With a third-party guarantee, an outside person promises to buy a work of art for a specific price should it fail to sell for more. While a small percentage of works sell with these types of guarantees, they are often the most expensive.
A hoax is a hoax is a hoax. A. O. Scott and David Carr talk about some recent ruses.
Anand Giridharadas, a Boston transplant, and friends explore New York City, unplugged.
The new FX series stars Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys as Russian sleeper agents in the Washington suburbs.
The 10th annual showcase of world music included 12 groups on Sunday night on three floors of Webster Hall.
An interview with Mandy Patinkin, an actor on "Homeland."
Long eclipsed by video games, pinball machines can still be played in bars, cafes and some truly odd outposts across New York.
Max Mulhern, an American artist living in Paris, created a project to design and launch a pair of giant floating dice into the ocean.
In advance of the Academy Awards nominations, A. O. Scott and David Carr talk about their favorite movies and performances of 2012.
The hit series is popular all over the world.
The hit series is popular all over the world.
The hit series is popular all over the world.
The hit series is popular all over the world.
The hit series is popular all over the world.
A Kansas native returns to her roots at the Stone Barns Center in Westchester.
A look back at performances, exhibitions, films, books, movies and video games.
The pop and jazz critics of The New York Times recall some of their favorite live events of of the year.
This is a new soap opera about Zoya, an Indian girl who returns home from New York and has to adjust to her traditional Muslim community. The romances are predictable but the setting isn't.
This is a soap opera about female infanticide in India.
One of the top-rated shows in India, "Child Bride," is about Anandi, an underage girl
who was forced into an arranged marriage by her parents.
Images from the festival in New York.
Indoor karting lets you meet your need for speed in cavernous warehouse-size buildings that accommodate multiple tracks for racers of all ages.
The once notorious Fresh Kills Landfill on Staten Island is being developed into an urban park. Michael Kimmelman, architecture critic, tours the site.
A tour of favorite spots along the Jersey Shore a month after Hurricane Sandy wreaked havoc finds a region slowly starting to recover.
Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater feted the retiring dancer at City Center Theater on Sunday evening.
Events included performances by the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater and the Tallis Scholars.
Mr. Yue, the contemporary Chinese artist renowned for using his own face in his work, has a major retrospective in Paris with a show at the Fondation Cartier.
The annual contemporary art fair kicked off on Wednesday with a public event.
Highlights of the week.
In the second annual New York Times Comedy Challenge, we asked a handful of comedians to tell us their best joke -- that's appropriate for a family newspaper.
In the second annual New York Times Comedy Challenge, we asked a handful of comedians to tell us their best joke -- that's appropriate for a family newspaper.
In the second annual New York Times Comedy Challenge, we asked a handful of comedians to tell us their best joke -- that's appropriate for a family newspaper.
In the second annual New York Times Comedy Challenge, we asked a handful of comedians to tell us their best joke -- that's appropriate for a family newspaper.
In the second annual New York Times Comedy Challenge, we asked a handful of comedians to tell us their best joke -- that's appropriate for a family newspaper.
In the second annual New York Times Comedy Challenge, we asked a handful of comedians to tell us their best joke -- that's appropriate for a family newspaper.
There has been an increasing number of exchange projects, including traveling exhibitions, research, training, digitizing of archives and collections and fund-raising.
Michael Kimmelman on the home of the Brooklyn Nets and the larger Atlantic Yards development.
The landscapes of the Hudson River School, a 19th century movement to capture the American wilderness, continue to resonate with museum visitors, even those with a limited knowledge of art.
David Carr and A. O. Scott argue about how much is too much, or not enough, in covering American politics and the presidential race.
A selection of culture events this week.
David Carr and Melena Ryzik, subbing for A. O. Scott, talk about movie stars, the red carpet and working the Carpetbagger beat.
A selection of events this week.
For the first time, New York Comic-Con sold out all tickets before opening day,  another sign that fantasy and geek culture thrives despite a dismal economy.
David Carr and Melena Ryzik, subbing for A. O. Scott, fill their heads with art while discussing the new Web site art.sy.
The festival of activist street bands ran for five days in Somerville, Mass.
A selection of events.
For David Carr and A. O. Scott, the highbrow-lowbrow debate is much ado about kitty videos.
Mark C. Hotton, a stockbroker who introduced a producer of the musical to the mysterious investor Paul Abrams, is the subject of an unrelated federal fraud investigation.
A selection of events.
David Carr and A. O. Scott discuss the turmoil that art and speech can create in the world.
A selection of events.
David Carr and A. O. Scott discuss the sensitive nature of spoilers in movies and television shows.
A selection of events.
David Carr and A. O. Scott discuss the dilemma that filmmakers are presented with when adapting movies from books.
Images of some of the actresses considered for the role.
A selection of events.
The new ABC series starts on Sept. 30.
The new ABC series starts on Oct. 10.
David Carr and A. O. Scott talk Telluride, Toronto and the taxonomy of the film festival.
The new ABC series starts on Sept. 26.
The new CW series starts on Oct. 11.
The new CW series starts on Oct. 16.
The new CW series starts on Oct. 10.
The new NBC series starts on Sept. 12.
The new Fox series starts on Sept. 25.
The new CBS series starts on Sept. 27.
The new CBS series starts on Sept. 24.
The new CBS series starts on Sept. 25.
The new CBS series starts on Sept. 28.
The new NBC series starts on Oct. 10.
The new NBC series starts on Sept. 26.
The new NBC series starts on Sept. 12.
The NBC series starts on Sept. 17.
The New NBC series starts on Sept. 11.
The new Fox series starts on Sept. 25.
The new ABC series starts on Sept. 27.
The new Fox series starts on Sept. 17.
A selection of events.
Images from the revival and past productions.
Thousands of cat lovers and cineastes gathered at the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis to celebrate the Internet sensation that is cat videos.
An excerpt from the Trial(Bed)/Prison scene in the 2012 version of the opera, performed in Montpellier, France.
An excerpt from the Trial(Bed)/Prison scene in the 1976 version of the opera, performed in La Monnaie, Brussels.
Check your appropriateness at the door, because this week A. O. Scott and David Carr are talking about people in the nude.
Following the expanded trail and comparing the paintings of the past with the views of the present.
Ms. McCullough played a police officer arresting a character based on him.
Ms. McCullough played Lamar, an assistant of Brother Mouzone, played by Michael Potts.
The festival returned last weekend to Commodore Barry Park in Fort Greene with 32 bands and disc jockeys.
A selection of events.
David Carr and A. O. Scott on the public-relations efforts of political parties, and the news media, on the eve of the two political conventions.
A Korean pop band performed in Newark, Jake Gyllenhaal is making his New York stage debut, and artists built sand castles on Rockaway Beach.
Belgian photographer Martine Franck, a member of the Magnum Photos cooperative and the second wife of Henri Cartier-Bresson, died in Paris on Aug. 16. She was 74.
A selection of events.
Alessandra Stanley, the Times's chief television critic, looks at several cultures from around the world through the prism of their television programming.
Alessandra Stanley, the Times's chief television critic, looks at several cultures from around the world through the prism of their television programming.
Alessandra Stanley, the Times's chief television critic, looks at several cultures from around the world through the prism of their television programming.
This week, A. O. Scott and David Carr discuss the continuing success of artists from the baby-boom generation and what sells when it comes to age.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
A selection of events.
This week, A. O. Scott and David Carr discuss the success (or failure) of actors and musicians who multitask, like Woody Harrelson as a playwright and stage director.
A cache of vintage stills by the octogenarian photographer Bunny Yeager is going on sale, including many photos of the pin-up queen Bettie Page.
How to take the roads less traveled to a different Hamptons, far from the manicured landscapes, mansions and beach crowds.
An interview with Martin E. Segal conducted by the Film Society of Lincoln Center.
A selection of culture events.
A selection of events.
This week, A. O. Scott and Jon Caramanica (who is filling in for David Carr) go on a fact-finding mission of sorts with writers and rappers.
The latest installment of the festival, established in 1959, was held Friday through Sunday at Fort Adams State Park in Newport R.I.
A selection of culture events.
David Carr and A. O. Scott discuss the things we are ashamed to read, watch and listen to, but love anyway.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
A selection of cultural events.
Images of the gardens in Yonkers.
Concertgoers created an auditorium and picnic spot on the Great Lawn of Central Park for a concert by the New York Philharmonic on Monday night.
The festival took place last weekend in Union Park in Chicago, with nearly 50 acts performing.
A selection of events.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Ocean crossings have been going on for centuries, but what makes this excursion challenging is the fact that Wave Vidmar is traveling by kayak.
BSO Academy students rehearse with the professionals, like the harpist Sarah Fuller.
Marin Alsop, the music director of the Baltimore Symphony, guides students at the BSO Academy.
Now in its 18th year, the festival has been an important event in non-hip-hop black pop for an entire generation.
Over a career that lasted more than six decades the burly, big-voiced actor worked in virtually every genre.
A selection of cultural events.
The Governors Ball Music Festival brought 22 and a half hours of music to Randalls Island on Saturday and Sunday.
A selection of events.
Alessandra Stanley, the Times's chief television critic, looks at several cultures from around the world through the prism of their television programming.
Alessandra Stanley, the Times's chief television critic, looks at several cultures from around the world through the prism of their television programming.
A selection of events.
David Carr and A. O. Scott debate the relative merits of museums and memorials and discuss how to best make sense of Sept. 11.
The 11th annual Bonnaroo Music & Arts Festival included more than 150 bands over four days.
A selection of cultural events this week.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
A selection of performances and events.
A. O. Scott gets hot as David Carr criticizes critics and cultural criticism.
An animated rendering of the planned interior of the National September 11 Memorial Museum site.
An animated rendering of the exterior of the National September 11 Memorial Museum site.
LONDON -- In the end, one had to wonder which would turn out to be more dramatic: The goings-on in the audience or the actual play unfolding on stage. I'm sure I wasn't the only theatergoer who arrived at Shakespeare's Globe on Monday night unsure whether the play would be allowed to be the thing or whether circumstances surrounding the performance would hijack the art. Across the five weeks of the Globe to Globe festival so far, a mind-bending sequence of productions from around the world in as many different languages as there are Shakespeare plays, 37, the atmosphere had been one of inclusion, conviviality and erudition coupled with fun.
LEWES, ENGLAND -- ''It is a merry thing with a sad end,'' Leos Janacek said of his opera ''The Cunning Little Vixen,'' adding that he himself would ''take up a place at that sad end.'' Janacek, who was 70 when his opera about the interaction between animals and humans in a forest had its 1924 premiere, thus acknowledges a tie between ''Vixen'' and his own mortality.
A selection of events.
MILAN -- Every so often a design project emerges that design purists love, but lots of other people hate, including many of those who were intended to use it. A prime example is the 1972 New York subway map, a masterpiece of visual ingenuity, which depicted the labyrinthine network as an orderly series of straight lines, all running at 45- or 90-degree angles from the stations. The hitch was that the map's designer had to ignore geographic reality in order to ''tidy up'' the tangled system. Some New Yorkers were outraged by the result, and voiced their concerns loudly. Why was Central Park shown as a square, when it is three times longer than it is wide? And how could the Lexington Avenue 63rd Street station be placed beside 68th Street Hunter College, which is five blocks away?
A. O. Scott and David Carr (watch him bust a move) look back at the deaths of Donna Summer, Whitney Houston, Adam Yauch and others.
NEW YORK -- The fascinating art show ''Byzantium and Islam,'' subtitled ''Age of Transition, 7th-9th Century,'' on view at the Metropolitan Museum through July 8, is one of those rare exhibitions that make one marvel about the unpredictable twists of history. Here, the name Byzantium refers to the ancient Semitic lands that made up historic Syria from Antioch and Edessa (Antakia and Urfa in southwestern Turkey), to Israel, Palestine and the western edge of Jordan. Regardless of their respective identities in the more distant past, by the seventh century these lands shared a common language, Aramaic.
CANNES -- Ashim Ahluwalia's film ''Miss Lovely'' is set in in the seedy and violent back streets of Mumbai, where he grew up. The film, in Hindi, stars Nawazuddin Siddiqui and Anil George as brothers in the pornography business. The exquisite Niharika Singh plays Pinky, a girl fresh, or perhaps not so fresh, from the provinces.
'THE AMAZING MAX AND THE BOX OF INTERESTING THINGS' The lights dim, and loud club music -- LMFAO's ''Party Rock Anthem'' -- pounds from speakers. A young man with tight black pants and spiky hair drives into the room in a miniature sports car. Soon he's exhorting all the gathered children to stand up, pump their fists in the air and cheer.
In the Area New York City
ORVIETO, ITALY -- Giorgio Vasari, the Florentine father of art history, proposed Luca Signorelli as a pivotal point in the development of art ''because he showed the way to represent nude figures in painting so as to make them appear alive.'' The art historian also highlighted the frescoes Signorelli painted in the Capella Nova in Orvieto's Duomo as a decisive influence, ''as anyone can see,'' in Vasari's words, on Michelangelo's ''Last Judgment'' in the Sistine Chapel.
LONDON -- The current season at the Royal Opera House is the Danish director Kasper Holten's first as director of opera, but, planned largely by others, it has made little news. A production of Dvorak's ''Rusalka,'' set in a bordello, drew vociferous audience reactions, but the staging had first been seen in Salzburg nearly four years before. Mr. Holten's initial production, Tchaikovsky's ''Eugene Onegin,'' comes next season. But last week brought Verdi's autumnal masterpiece ''Falstaff'' in a production of eye-catching ingenuity by Robert Carsen. The action is transposed from Elizabethan times to the 1950s, a time that introduced a new Elizabeth and, according to a program note, embodied the opera's duality of a financially strapped aristocracy and a rising middle class.
CANNES, FRANCE -- ''On the Road'' looks like this festival's biggest new-generation star-encrusted vehicle. Made in a spirit of fidelity to Jack Kerouac's novel, the movie was produced by Roman Coppola for American Zoetrope and by France's MK2. It was directed by Walter Salles of Brazil, who is known for ''The Motorcycle Diaries'' (2004), another kind of road movie, about a young Che Guevera. The young actors in ''On the Road'' are hatched from a variety of films: Sam Riley, a star of ''Control'' in 2007, plays Kerouac, and Garret Hedlund from ''Tron'' is Neal Cassady, who takes him on the legendary road trip.
HONG KONG -- ''Money Creates Taste'' read the ART HK tote bags and T-shirts being hawked at the Hong Kong International Art Fair, a five-day event that ended Sunday. The fair certainly had plenty of the former. While ART HK doesn't release revenue figures, it has always had a large number of million-dollar transactions; the city is now the world's third-largest art auction market behind New York and London. Sales at the 266 galleries participating in the fair seemed to be healthy, particularly for Chinese works.
CANNES -- In this festival of bizarre coincidences that takes place in a small town called Cannes, it happened that two Palme d'Or winners, the Iranian Abbas Kiarostami and the Austrian Michael Haneke, ran into each other in the lobby of the Majestic Hotel. Both are back in competition with films about love and the end of life. Mr. Haneke's ''Love,'' starring Emmanuelle Riva and Jean-Louis Trintignant, was shown Sunday to enthusiastic audiences. Mr. Kiarostami's ''Like Someone in Love,'' made in Japan with unknown actors, was screened on Monday.
BROOKLYN, NEW YORK -- When their prototype cooking stove passed its first trial with flying colors in Ghana, the American designers Jonathan Cedar and Alex Drummond expected it to be equally successful in the next round of tests in India. But then they discovered that very different types of food would be cooked on it. ''The staple dish in Ghana is banku, a starchy mass of corn or cassava dough, and luckily it suited our stove,'' Mr. Cedar recalled. ''Where we got stuck in India was with flat breads, which need a very hot, very diffuse flame. When people saw the stove, they were like: 'Oh no, no, no.'''
The sea-green mural at Lasanaa, an arts center here, has familiar elements of Nepali art: images of snowy Himalayan peaks and curlycue whorls representing wind in Buddhist thangka tapestries. But it is the unconventional images that reflect the anxieties of a country in painful flux. A floating fuel tank and a gas pump symbolize Nepal's chronic fuel shortages. A retreating bus in the mural is a sajha, a cheap, popular mode of public transportation here that is now defunct in the wake of government instability. Tucked inside an urn is a visa -- coveted by many who seek opportunities overseas.
CANNES -- The director Hong Sang-soo, who has been called the Rohmer of Korean cinema, turns out his enigmatic human comedies at high speed. Two years ago, he won the Certain Regard prize with ''Hahaha.'' His latest film, ''In Another Country,'' in competition here, is a step into another dimension. For the first time, he has made a film in English and has gone outside his country to cast the French actress Isabelle Huppert in the lead role.
A selection of cultural events.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
NEW YORK -- In a surge of bidding unprecedented in art market history, Christie's Tuesday evening sale of contemporary art took in $388.5 million, the highest amount ever in that field. A world auction record was set for a work of contemporary art when Mark Rothko's ''Orange, Red, Yellow'' painted in 1961 sold for just under $87 million. Christie's estimate was $35 million to $45 million, plus the sale charge of more than 15 percent. Christopher Burge, who conducted the session with exceptional brio, brought down his hammer on the $77.5 million winning bid after one of the longest bidding matches yet witnessed in a contemporary art sale.
URBINO, ITALY -- When Baldassare Castiglione described Urbino in 1506 as a ''city in the form of a palace'' he would probably have expected his more cultivated readers to catch the allusion to Leon Battista Alberti's assertion in his ''De re aedificatoria'' (On the Art of Building) that ''the city is like a great house, and the house in its turn a small city.'' During his reign between 1444 and 1482, Federico da Montefeltro's marvelous edifice played host to as much intellectual and artistic activity as entire cities many times Urbino's size. And Alberti, along with Luciano Laurana, Piero della Francesca and Francesco di Giorgio Martini, at various stages contributed to the palace's harmonious design and shape.
BEIJING -- When the National Art Museum of China decided to exhibit, for the first time in its entirety, a collection of 145 paintings donated by the historian, poet and journalist Deng Tuo (1912-1966), they knew they would draw crowds. Indeed, the museum -- which offers more than 80 exhibitions a year -- set aside three full months for ''Deng Tuo Donated Treasures of Ancient Chinese Paintings,'' making it one of the longest shows in its history. Even so, the response was so overwhelming, with thousands of visitors per day, that the museum made the unusual decision to extend the exhibition, which opened in January, in reduced form through May 15. About a third of the works are now on view in seven top-floor galleries under the amended title ''Paintings of Ming and Qing Dynasties --Selections of Chinese Ancient Paintings Donated by Deng Tuo.''
A new National Park Service shuttle runs near the estate where Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt lived.
A 2,740-acre estate in Hillsborough, N.J., has had a $45 million face-lift.
NEW YORK -- The art market made a quantum leap this week when ''The Scream,'' a pastel drawn by Edvard Munch in 1895, sold for just under $120 million -- $119,922,500 to be precise. Some will argue that the pastel is such an unusual work that it would be unwise to draw general inferences from it. In art historical terms, this is true, bearing in mind that the Norwegian artist produced four variants -- the other three are in museums.
THE first MONTCLAIR FILM FESTIVAL in New Jersey concludes on Sunday with a lineup that includes a King and a Boss. At 4:30 p.m. at the Bellevue Theater, in a joint presentation with the Film Foundation, the festival is showing a restored version of the original ''King Kong,'' the 1933 classic about a giant ape that is brought to New York. ''Imagine a 50-foot beast with a girl in one paw climbing up the outside of the Empire State Building, and after putting the girl on a ledge, clutching at airplanes, the pilots of which are pouring bullets from machine guns into the monster's body,'' Mordaunt Hall wrote in a breathless review in The New York Times after the premiere of the film, whose special effects were revolutionary.
'PLOP!' It all starts with an apple.
NEW YORK -- The art market entered a new phase on Wednesday evening when ''The Scream,'' a pastel drawn in 1895 by Edvard Munch, was sold for $119.92 million at Sotheby's auction of Impressionist and modern art. The winning bid, which came by telephone, set a world record for any work of art offered at auction. It also helped raise total sales to $330.56 million, the highest ever at Sotheby's in this field. Not even Sotheby's specialists expected such a figure. The estimate quoted to me the day before by Simon Shaw, head of the New York department, was $80 million, plus the sale charge. Several factors can be cited to account for this historic event, which was greeted by applause and shouts from the audience when the auctioneer Tobias Meyer brought down his gavel on the $107 million bid.
Around Town Museums and Sites
NEW YORK -- Christie's pulled off the rare feat this week of scoring brilliantly with the thinnest evening auction of Impressionist and Modern art ever staged in New York. On Tuesday, with just 22 pictures, four drawings and five bronzes on offer, sales added up to a stupendous $117 million, leaving only three lots unwanted.
LONDON -- Thank heavens for separate plays that get presented under a single omnibus title. If you don't like one, chances are that you might warm to another or that the whole will prove greater than the sum of its parts. That's the idea, though it is being sorely tested at the moment at the Donmar Warehouse. A triptych of Robert Holman plays, ''Making Noise Quietly'' is in revival at the Covent Garden playhouse through May 26. Mr. Holman's banner title for the show overall refers specifically only to the last, longest and least satisfying of the trio.
A selection of events.
The 1990s Swedish hardcore band performed at Terminal 5 on Monday night, its second New York City show after regrouping for the Coachella festival.
A look at several places for a schvitz in New York City.
The troupe preformed at the Joyce.
Mr. Helm helped forge a deep-rooted American music as the drummer and singer for the Band.
Levon Helm, who helped forge a deep-rooted American music as the drummer and singer for the Band, died on Thursday in Manhattan.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
A selection of events.
The influential German electronic group is performing eight consecutive albums on eight nights at the Museum of Modern Art.
The group, though little known outside Haiti and its diaspora, is enjoying a burst of attention.
A look at some of the works in the eight-week festival of cultural events before, during and after the Olympics.
A selection of events.
A selection of events.
A selection of events this week.
The long-missing member of the Odd Future hip-hop collective joined the group at Hammerstein Ballroom on Tuesday.
A selection of events this week.
This autumn, one gallery at the Clark museum will be arranged based on the design of a nonprofessional visitor, and the room will be reinstalled several more times.
This spring and summer, art museums across the country are offering something for every taste.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
A selection of cultural events this week.
Pizza and a Wonder Wheel make pre-hip Brooklyn go round.
A selection of events this week.
Researchers found the pedestal and feet belonging to a disputed statue in Koh Ker, Cambodia, 60 miles northeast of the Ankor Wat temple complex.
A selection of cultural events.
A selection of cultural events this week.
Alessandra Stanley, the chief television critic, looks at several cultures from around the world through the prism of their television programming.
Alessandra Stanley, the chief television critic, looks at several cultures from around the world through the prism of their television programming.
Alessandra Stanley, the chief television critic, looks at several cultures from around the world through the prism of their television programming.
A selection of cultural events this week.
A selection of cultural events this week.
A selection of culture events.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
The new NBC series is about the making of a musical.
A selection of events this week.
A selection of cultural events this week.
Photos of attendees at an event hosted by the Secret Science Club at the Bell House in Brooklyn.
A key to the photo collage.
The Bolshoi Theater reopened in 2011 after a six-year, $760 million, scandal-plagued renovation. Images from the year in culture.
Artists, actors, filmmakers and musicians by photographers from The New York Times.
A selection of culture events this week.
No longer merely the fusty home of antiques shows, the Armory over the past five years has unveiled art installations, staged dramas, presented operas and concerts and served as an outpost of the Whitney Biennial.
Jason Zinoman analyzes Louis C.K.'s narrative technique in his latest Internet-only comedy special.
A selection of events this week.
A selection of events this week.
The Showtime thriller stars Damian Lewis as a war hero with an uncertain agenda.
The HBO fantasy series includes its own language, called Dothraki, which was developed for the show.
Ryan and Hays Holladay use a global positioning network to trigger different themes as a listener wanders through a specific landscape.
A selection of events this week.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
The actress Meryl Streep and the writer and director Joel Coen talked about their creative processes during a panel discussion in Beijing recently.
A selection of events this week.
A number of American artists are participating in a four-day program in China that includes performances and lectures.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Alice Waters and Amy Tan dine in Beijing.
The CBS drama, starring Julianna Margulies, has lost viewers since moving to Sundays.
Photos of the Thain Family Forest at the New York Botanical Garden.
A selection from the book.
A slide show of images of the renovated theater.
Jonah Hill stars as a 7-year-old sophisticate in the new Fox animated series.
Occupy Wall Street prepares giant puppets for the Halloween parade.
Occupy Wall Street prepares giant puppets for the Halloween parade, The Reduced Shakespeare Company's "Complete World of Sports (abridged)," and A.O. Scott on Spike Lee's "25th Hour."
The new NBC series is about a detective with supernatural powers.
The new ABC drama is based on fairy tales.
Danny Pino, above with Mariska Hargitay, plays one of two new detectives on the procedural.
Ted Danson joined the CBS procedural this season.
Fishing in Montauk, N.Y., is an extreme sport.
Pacific Standard Time, an art and design festival in Los Angeles, makes a splash in Southern California; and in New York, Chris Mullin, a former N.B.A. star, holds an unusual basketball practice.
Tim Allen is a put-upon father in his new sitcom on ABC.
A selection of cultural events this week.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
A new interactive exhibition at Discovery Times Square presents visitors with the case of a dead woman behind a motel.
Poetry readings around New York featuring poets and performers from different genres.
The NBC sitcom starring Amy Poehler and Nick Offerman returned in September for its fourth season.
The South Bronx is being revitalized. Michael Kimmelman, the architecture critic of The New York Times, tours the area with Amanda Burden, the director of the department of city planning.
The ABC sitcom is about a father and daughter who move to an oddball suburb.
A selection of cultural events.
The choreographer Pedro Ruiz is the first Cuban-American to create a work with a Cuban dance troupe in Cuba. A documentary about his trip airs on WNET Sept 29.
The exhibition explores works from the international network of Conceptual artists.
The ABC series stars Emily VanCamp as a vengeance seeker in the Hamptons.
The NBC series is a remake of a British series.
The ABC series is a remake of the 1970s show.
The CBS sitcom stars Beth Behrs and Kat Dennings.
The CBS drama is about a police consultant who remembers almost everything.
Barry Lubin, the 59-year old star clown known as Grandma, is saying farewell to the Big Apple Circus.
Zooey Deschanel stars in the new Fox sitcom.
The new NBC sitcom stars Whitney Cummings.
A selection of cultural events this week.
A look at exhibitions of the new season.
The ABC period drama follows Pan Am stewardesses in the 1960s.
The NBC sitcom revolves around co-workers who became involved.
The period drama on NBC is set in a Playboy Club in Chicago in the 1960s.
The ambitious time traveling Fox series begins on Sept. 26.
Polish, understatement and breadth were what the judges were looking for in this jazz competition.
Three exhibitions offer different but complementary ways to reflect on the Sept. 11 attacks and the aftermath.
A selection of events this week.
An excerpt from a silent video installation by Elisabeth Subrin. (Courtesy of Sue Scott Gallery and the artist)
Excerpts from interviews with artists reflecting on the Sept. 11 attacks ten years later. For the full interviews, please go to nytimes.com/arts.
The composer Steve Reich talks about Sept. 11.
The illustrator John Romita Jr. talks about Sept. 11.
Since July critics for The New York Times have reviewed the inadvertent artistry of everyday life. Photographer Chang W. Lee put images to their words.
The playwright Christopher Shinn talks about Sept. 11.
The actor Denis Leary talks about Sept. 11.
An excerpt from "O'Say Can You See," which is composed of images filmed at Ground Zero in 2001, two weeks after the 9/11 attacks.
The filmmaker Laura Poitras talks about Sept. 11.
The choreographer Bill T. Jones talks about Sept. 11.
Katey Sagal in a scene from the season premiere of "Sons of Anarchy."
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Melena Ryzik visits a giant puppet workshop at Socrates Sculpture Park in Queens where artists prepare for a reinterpretation of Homer's "Odyssey."
Giant puppets, postcards from the Fringe and how to get children to read.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
A look at some of the cuddly, colorful and surprising public artworks in New York City.
A property near the Buttercup Farm Sanctuary offers an 1890s farmhouse with most of its original features, a pool with a rustic cabana, a large two-story barn and a small horse barn.
Babar turns 80, Kate Plus 8 goes off the air, and what makes movies scary.
Nelson George on the way Hollywood portrays the civil rights era; Melena Ryzik on the Swedish pop star Lykke Li, and a "Dirty Dancing" remake is on the way.
Members of PigPen Theater find adventure on Governors Island.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Naked on Wall Street, home movies from Ken Kesey and the Merry Pranksters and a Wet Hot American Summer reunion.
An excerpt from the comedy act of Rafinha Bastos.
Two new operas and two classics at the Glimmerglass Festival in Cooperstown, N.Y.
People get naked as part of a performance art piece about Wall Street transparency.
Erik Piepenburg on evolving roles for transgender actors; Amy Winehouse's record sales spike; and Dan Bilefsky reports on New York City's booming TV production business.
A long-planned exhibition of nearly 70 pieces of Buddhist art from Pakistan is set to open at the Asia Society.
A look at three maps from the emerging field of spatial humanities.
Patrick Healy on London's culture of pub theaters, and Brian Stelter discusses Nickelodeon's rebroadcasting hits from the 90s.
Images from the Lyonel Feininger retrospective.
Photographs of the newly refurbished dinosaur exhibition at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County, which opened this month.
Photographs of the newly refurbished dinosaur exhibition at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County, which opened this month.
Anthony Tommasini discusses the New York City Opera's departure from Lincoln Center and Harry Potter hysteria has its own rock 'n' roll genre.
A look inside the wizard rock circuit; a group of rock bands inspired by Harry Potter.
A selection of cultural events this week.
Jennifer Allora and Guillermo Calzadilla are representing the United States with the exhibition, which has a clenched, unforgiving energy.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
The Streb Extreme Action Company performs on a rotating ladder near the site of the Whitney's new space in Manhattan, and a 17-year-old curator launches an exhibition of work by young artists.
A look at the antiquing scene in Stamford, Conn.
Mike Hale interviews Grady Hendrix of the New York Asian Film Festival and Charles Isherwood reviews "Zarkana," the latest from Cirque Du Soleil.
Melena Ryzik goes to Brooklyn Bowl to see the band Deer Tick, playing as Deervana, tackle the Nirvana catalog and Patrick Healy talks to young gay men outside of the Broadway show "The Normal Heart."
For those serious about mastering magic, there are seasoned magicians who are willing to teach in Midtown Manhattan.
Ginia Bellafante on ABC Family television, and Melena Ryzik's visit with Philippe Petit in his Catskills studio.
The famous tightrope walker has a new one-man show showcasing his other identities: juggler, magician, pickpocket, bullfighter, lock picker, motivational author.
Patrick Healy on the upcoming Tony Awards, and Dave Itzkoff on the "Weird Al" Lady Gaga controversy.
From tiny novelty sets atop coffee tables to outdoor tables at Bryant and Tompkins Square Parks, ping-pong takes New York.
An array of upcoming specials tied to the 150th anniversary of the Civil War explore both the big themes of the conflict and smaller artifacts.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Ernie Kovacs was a pioneering television host who poked fun at the medium early in its history.
The Manhattan Waterfront Greenway snakes for more than 28 miles along rivers, under bridges and through parks.
Ms. White is currently enjoying a show-business rarity: a career resurgence in her 80s.
A slide show of images of places to bowl in the city.
The Reality Rocks Expo, held in Los Angeles last weekend, was the first major fan convention for reality television fans.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Images of some of the golf courses in the city.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Photos from a literary reading at Madame X in the West Village.
Academy Award winners, nominees and other Hollywood celebrities mingled at the Governors Ball after the award ceremony Sunday night.
The spot, part of the It Gets Better Project, features stars of the new musical "Priscilla Queen of the Desert."
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
In this production of Nikolai Gogol's play, Geoffrey Rush plays a civil servant who is slowly being driven mad by bureaucracy. (Video courtesy of the Brooklyn Academy of Music)
Forest Whitaker stars as an F.B.I. profiler who hunts serial killers on "Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior," a new CBS spinoff.
Mandy Patinkin in a scene from Rinne Groff's play at the Public Theater. (Video courtesy of the Public Theater)
Images from auctions in London.
The Knight Arts Program sponsors pop-up cultural events, such as this chorale performance in a Philadelphia Macy's.
Maggie Gyllenhaal talks about playing the role of Masha in the Classic Stage Company's production of Chekhov's "Three Sisters."
Dead Space 2 is a taut, chilling new action-horror game from Electronic Arts. 
A scene from the Manhattan Theater Club's production of Matthew Lopez's play. (Video courtesy of MTC)
Rajiv Joseph narrates a look at his new play at Second Stage Theater.
A look at the design of the Mint Theater's new production of Arnold Bennett's play. (Video courtesy of Joshua Paul Johnson)
Motherhood, at least the way it is depicted on cable reality shows, is a menacing, grotesque fate that is mostly ill-timed.
The NBC small town comedy starring Amy Poehler returns for its third season on Jan. 20.
The Carpetbagger visits the P.S. 22 Chorus in Staten Island, where 65 fifth-graders are preparing to sing at the Academy Awards.
In his video series, Anthony Tommasini contrasts the dynamic duo of 19th-century opera: Verdi and Wagner.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Images of the Borromeo String Quartet.
A stunning cameo exhibition of Italian paintings from the early 1920s to the 1950s opened this week at the Estorick Collection in London.
Photographs of environmental pollution from an exhibition at the Gerald Peters Gallery.
Brian Bedford and David Furr in a scene from the Broadway revival of Oscar Wilde's play at the American Airlines Theater. (Video courtesy of the Roundabout Theater Company)
In his series, Anthony Tommasini discusses the pioneer of modern music, Claude Debussy.
Sondra Radvanovsky sings the aria "Vissi d'arte" from Luc Bondy's production of Puccini's opera. (Video courtesy of the Metropolitan Opera.)
In his series, the chief classical music critic Anthony Tommasini discusses two more of the four giants who worked in Vienna during a 75-year period (part 2 of 2).
In his series, Anthony Tommasini discusses Haydn and Mozart, two of the four giants who worked in Vienna during a 75-year period (Part 1 of 2). 
In the first video of his series, The Times's chief classical music critic, Anthony Tommasini, explains the importance of Bach and his influence on classical music to come.
A look at some of the places Marilyn Monroe spent time when she was in New York City.
Tracey Moffatt, Bronx Museum, through 1/9
Michele Pawk emerges from darkness in a scene from Adam Bock's new play at Playwrights Horizons. (Video courtesy of the production)
The comedian Marc Maron's podcast is more than just jokes. His interviews often reveal unguarded moments from humorists like Robin Williams, Dane Cook and Ben Stiller.
Antiquities officials and restoration experts face the difficult task of halting the ravages of man and nature before restoring ancient monuments.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
An excerpt from the Metropolitan Opera's production of Verdi's opera. (Video courtesy of the Met)
The game is for the Nintendo Wii.
A.O. Scott reviews Richard Linklater's unclassifiable 2001 cartoon philosophy seminar.
A slide show of images of cultural events this week.
A new show at the Institute for Contemporary Art in Philadelphia re-purposes pieces from the Philadelphia Museum of Art across town.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Keith Christiansen and Michael Gallagher of the Met discuss the restoration of a Velazquez portrait.
A trailer for the motion comic "Tron: Legacy"
Tracy Letts, Amy Morton, Madison Dirks and Carrie Coon in a scene from the production at the Steppenwolf Theater in Chicago. (Video courtesy of the production)
In the empty desert, Saudi Arabia is building entire cities envisioned as spaces for education, industry, living, and more importantly, as islands from which social change might seep out, without antagonizing fundamentalist forces within the country.
A short film about a newly acquired performance piece Allora & Calzadilla at the Museum of Modern Art. (Video produced by Ben Coccio, courtesy of MoMA)
Deborah Voigt and Marcello Giordani in an excerpt from the production at the Metropolitan Opera. (Video courtesy of the Met)
Sights and sounds from the installation of a work by Peter Greenaway at the Park Avenue Armory.
Images of cultural events from this week.
The actress, with Derek Hough, won the ABC dance competition.
The actor, with Lacey Schwimmer, took second in the ABC dance competition.
Ms. Palin, with Mark Ballas, took third in the ABC dance competition.
A documentary about the redesign of the Royal Shakespeare Company's home in Stratford-upon-Avon. (Video courtesy of the company)
Marina Poplavskaya and Roberto Alagna in an excerpt from Verdi's opera. (Video courtesy of the Metropolitan Opera)
A scene from a reimagining of the Kafka novel from Vesturport Theater of Reykjavik and the Lyric Hammersmith of London. (Video courtesy of the production)
David Duchovny performs an excerpt from Neil LaBute's new play. (Video courtesy of the production)
If you consume a turkey, you should know where it comes from. Should you also participate in its death? The City Critic reports from a slaughterhouse in Queens.
Recently, though, there came exciting word from Bowlmor Lanes: Bowlmor was opening a new location in the Times Square district! In the old New York Times newsroom!
A new TBS comedy is set at a college in the 1980s.
Michael Shannon performs an excerpt from Craig Wright's new play at the Barrow Street Theater.
Violinist Gidon Kremer with Kremerata Baltica in the New York premiere of "Silent Prayer" on Thursday, part of the White Light Festival. 
The first-person shooter is the latest in the Call of Duty franchise
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Sebastian Arcelus and cast members perform the number "Christmastown." (Video courtesy of the production)
The company celebrated its 40th anniversary at the Joyce Theater on Tuesday with premieres of dances by Mr. Fagan and Norwood Pennewell.
An excerpt from the workshop of "In the Footprint" (formerly known as "Brooklyn at Eye Level"), performed by the composer Michael Friedman at the Brooklyn Lyceum in 2008. (Video courtesy of the Civilians)
Colin Quinn in an excerpt from his new Broadway show, directed by Jerry Seinfeld. (Video courtesy of the production)
The model and entrepreneur Iman is a host and judge of the design competition.
The first video installment of a new improvised composition featuring Brian Eno with Jon Hopkins and Leo Abrahams.
Images of cultural events from this week.
The actress Jill Clayburgh, known for her portrayals of strong, independent women, has died.
A look at some of the forest areas in four New York City boroughs.
Patti LuPone sings "Invisible" from the new Broadway musical "Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown," based on the 1988 film. (Video courtesy of the production)
The soprano Anna Netrebko in an excerpt from a performance at the Metropolitan Opera. (Video courtesy of the production)
The three-day festival in Asheville, N.C., honors Robert Moog, the inventor of the Moog synthesizer.
A.O. Scott reviews the 2007 documentary about the election of a third-grade class monitor at a school in Wuhan, China.
The talk show satire receives a DVD release on Tuesday.
A clip from the enormously influential, deeply neurotic HBO comedy that starred Garry Shandling as the anguished talk-show host and Sharon Stone as his guest.
Before the big sales, the auction houses will be filled with multimillion-dollar masterpieces and are open to everyone, not just the art elite.
An exhibition at the Jewish Museum gives new insight into the life and career of Harry Houdini.
Mr. Cullum, a classic gag cartoonist whose visual absurdities were underlined by captions reeled in from deep left field, published 819 cartoons in The New Yorker.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Another year, another 1,200 bands looking for a breakthrough at the CMJ Music Marathon, which opens in New York on Tuesday.
Jamie Clayton, a student in the Act Out class for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender students, talks about her life as a transgender woman. (Video courtesy of Brad Calcaterra)
Mark Rylance, David Hyde Pierce and Stephen Ouimette in an excerpt from the Broadway revival of David Hirson's play. (Video courtesy of the production)
Patrick Stewart and T. R. Knight in an excerpt from David Mamet's play, which opened on Broadway at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theater. (Video courtesy of the production)
A slide show of images of cultural events this week.
Laura Linney and Brian D'Arcy James in an excerpt from the Broadway play. (Video courtesy of the Manhattan Theater Club)
Lou Mannarino, an audio engineer, finds local sounds in the scrap metal he is using to create instruments for the Magnus Lindberg symphony, "Kraft," for the New York Philharmonic.

A scene from the co-production between the Gotham Chamber Opera and the Tectonic Theater Project. (Video courtesy of the New Victory Theater)
Sally Hawkins, left, and Cherry Jones in a scene from the Broadway revival of Shaw's play, at the American Airlines Theater. (Video courtesy of the Roundabout Theater)
"The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret," on IFC, stars David Cross as a hapless temp.
A scene from the new Broadway play at the Samuel J. Friedman Theater. (Video courtesy of the Manhattan Theater Club)
The composer and director teamed on the 1989 film.
Illustrations of the actor who died on Wednesday.
Arthur Penn, the stage, television and motion picture director, died Tuesday night, the day after he turned 88.
The show takes the "Law & Order" formula to L.A.
A scene from the production by the Builders Association. (Video courtesy of the company)
Tristan Sturrock and Hannah Yelland in a scene from the Broadway production. (Video courtesy of the Roundabout Theater Company)
The director Robert Lepage narrates a look at his high-tech production at the Metropolitan Opera.
Jenn Gambatese as Constance and Alexandra Socha as Merricat in the number "Cleaning/On the Moon." (Video courtesy of Yale Repertory Theater)
Melena Ryzik gets a tour of the real Brooklyn set locations from the HBO series "Bored to Death" from Jonathan Ames, the writer and show creator.
Photos of past shows at the Park Avenue Armory.
The pop singer guest stars as a troubled youth.
The actress guest stars as a professor.
The actor guest stars as Tina Fey's boyfriend.
The ABC legal drama presents both sides of its cases.
The ABC sitcom follows three couples.
Charles Busch and Amy Rutberg in a scene from the show, which was written by Mr. Busch. (Courtesy of Applause Video)
The ABC sitcom changed from a show about an older woman dating young men to one that explores adult friendships.
Michael Imperioli is a grizzled detective in this ABC drama.
The NBC series explores a web of international intrigue.
Kelli Giddish is United States marshal who chases fugitives in this NBC series.
The new CBS series updates the 1970s police show.
The new Fox sitcom stars Will Arnett, Keri Russell and Stefania Owen.
A scene from the new season of the Showtime serial killer drama starring Michael C. Hall.
Melena Ryzik rolls with Big Boi, the Atlanta rapper and one-half of the hip-hop duo Outkast, as he performs in Brooklyn and takes a spin around Manhattan in a vintage Mustang.
The new NBC legal drama stars Jimmy Smits as a Supreme Court justice who quits to become a defense lawyer.
A scene from "Never Let Me Go."
A.O. Scott reviews Richard Kelly's cult film from 2001, starring Jake Gyllenhaal as the title character.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
The latest game in the popular franchise is designed to be simpler for casual gamers to play.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
None
Photographs from the red carpet at the 2010 Emmy Awards.
The city has long been an incubator for young jazz talent but local musicians are now trying to build an autonomous scene there.
None
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Improvox is a new iPad application developed by the concert pianist Robert Taub and his company MuseAmi. Improvox came about after Mr. Taub tried to help his children learn music. 
The short IFC series reunites the Kids in the Hall comedy troupe.
A year ago, Derek Miller and Alexis Krauss were struggling Brooklyn musicians; now they're playing for tens of thousands at festivals around the world.  Melena Ryzik reports.
Mary Mossberg sings "Alone," a song by the band Heart, in the new Off Broadway show "Power Balladz," at the Midtown Theater. (Video courtesy of Applause Video Productions)
Between 1936 and 1940, Bill Savory, a studio engineer and jazz fan, recorded about 1,000 discs of live performances of leading jazz bands. An audio engineer is now cleaning and restoring the music. 
In Torrington, Conn., campers at Wah-Nee take each other on to claim bragging rights.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
An appreciation of some particularly ingenious passages.
Images of the Trey McIntyre Project in their new home.
A look at some of the cultural events on the island.
An excerpt from the show at the Acorn Theater. (Video courtesy of the production)
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Melena Ryzik reports from inside a giant plastic "space bubble" with Wayne Coyne of the Flaming Lips at a concert in Central Park.
Abstract art is unusually visible in galleries around town this summer.
Images from music groups in the Caucasus.
The violinist performs with the pianist Andrew Armstrong at the Kaplan Penthouse. (Video courtesy of the Mostly Mozart Festival)
A ten year old Manhattan resident, Oliver Ritter, spends his summers in Long Island riding horses and building self-confidence.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Anthony Tommasini, the chief classical music critic of The New York Times, explains an important musical technique.
None
The Shanghai Symphony Orchestra and the New York Philharmonic performed in Central Park.
None
None
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
None
Frank Bruni, a former restaurant critic for The Times, takes a look at how the classic bloody is changing for the better. 
Stockard Channing sings "There Are Worse Things I Could Do" in a clip from the new sing-along version of "Grease."
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Jesse Tyler Ferguson and Hamish Linklater in a scene from the Shakespeare in the Park production. (Video courtesy of the Public Theater)
Al Pacino as Shylock in a scene from the Shakespeare in the Park production. (Video courtesy of the Public Theater.)
A look at the various iterations of the comic book character, which was recently given a makeover.
Images from the music marathon.
In an excerpt from the first episode of The LXD, a seemingly ordinary teenager, Trevor Drift, discovers his extraordinary abilities at his senior prom. 
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
None
None
The members of Legaci, a Filipino-American R&B ensemble, were rising stars on YouTube even before becoming backup singers for the pop star Justin Bieber.
None
The first Undead Jazzfest ran Saturday and Sunday night at three clubs in the West Village.
The ninth annual Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival wrapped up on Sunday in Manchester, Tenn., after four days of performances by more than 100 acts.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Images from the music and arts festival in Manchester, Tenn.
Robbie Brown takes his basset hound to "doggie camp": a weekend course for purebred dogs to reconnect with their hunting skills.
More links!
A.O. Scott reviews Brian De Palma's 1976 film based on Stephen King's 1974 novel.
None
The trailer for Robert Lepage's new production of Wagner's "Ring" cycle for the Metropolitan Opera (Video courtesy of the Metropolitan Opera).
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
An excerpt from the dance duo's 1995 performance.
None
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Big names including Sting, Elton John, Bruce Springsteen and Lady Gaga performed at Carnegie Hall to raise money for the Rainforest Foundation.
None
Actors and directors hit the red carpet at the 63rd Cannes Film Festival in France.  
Melena Ryzik reports from "Glassphemy," an interactive installation in Brooklyn that turns recycling into an experiment in therapy.
Al Hirschfeld, the artist, did many illustrations of Lena Horne.
Chad Kimball and cast members sing "Memphis Lives in Me." (Video courtesy of the production)
Christopher Sieber and Lucas Steele in the number "Terry . . ." (Video courtesy of Jamie Buckner)
An excerpt from the musical number "Rock Star." (Video courtesy of the Public Theater)
Images of art works damaged during the earthquake in Haiti.
Time-lapse video of the installation of Christian Boltanski's work at the Park Avenue Armory. (Video courtesy of the Park Avenue Armory)
Images from this week in culture.
Images from a new exhibit at Gagosian Gallery.
New exhibits at two museums look at more than a century of evolving American fashion.
A look at  some of the highlights of images coming to market this spring.
Avigdor Arikha's work captured both the haunting beauty and the looming menace of everyday things.
New ballets by Benjamin Millepied and Alexei Ratmansky were presented at Koch Theater.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
None
None
The actress Amra-Faye Wright talks about learning Japanese in order to play Velma in a Japanese production of "Chicago."
Sherie Rene Scott performs an excerpt from her 2010 Broadway show.
Santo Loquasto narrates a look at his design for the Broadway play "Collected Stories."
Images from Jeff Stark's site-specific work. 
Images from an exhibit at the New York Botanical Garden.
A list of the culture world's major earners.
The second episode in the live-action prequel for the video game Alan Wake.
The first episode in the live-action prequel for the video game "Alan Wake."
The first episode in the live-action prequel for the video game Alan Wake.
The second episode in the live-action prequel for the video game Alan Wake.
A slide show of photographs of cultural events from this week.
Images from rehearsals of the new works in New York City Ballet&#8217;s spring season. 
A video from the New York Public Library about the book sorting machine.
None
None
Images of paintings from &#8220;Picasso in the Metropolitan Museum of Art,&#8221; including &#8220;The Actor.&#8221; 
None
None
None
Vanessa Williams sings "Ah, but Underneath," a number written for the 1987 London production of "Follies," in an excerpt from the new Broadway musical about the work of Stephen Sondheim. (Video: Roundabout Theater)
An excerpt from the title number of the new Broadway musical based on the music of Green Day. (Video courtesy of the production)
A trailer for the video game.
Images from the music and arts festival in Indio, Calif.
Robert Whiteman hopes to rekindle interest in the once-popular magazine, which stopped publishing in 1950.
The singer and actress Courtney Love hopes for a comeback with a new album with her band, Hole.
Images from a new exhibit at the Detroit Institute of Arts.
The actors, who star in the Broadway revival of August Wilson's "Fences," talk about the playwright's legacy and their early days as theater actors.
Levi Kreis, Robert Britton Lyons, Eddie Clendening and Lance Guest perform "Down by the Riverside." (Video courtesy of the production)
Images of photographs by Catherine Opie and Ryan McGinley.
None
A.O. Scott revisits John Hughes's ode to adolescence. 
A leading illustrator left a few characters in the vault.
Images of the plan by West 8; Rogers Marvel Architects; Diller Scofodio & Renfro; Mathews Nielsen; Urban Design +.
None
None
The Cocoon, part of the Darwin Center at the Museum of Natural History in London, puts the focus on scientific exploration itself as well as on its results.
None
Images of works by the artist.
Anthony LaPaglia and Jan Maxwell in a scene from the Broadway revival of Ken Ludwig's play. (Video courtesy of the production)
None
None
None
None
None
Images from the music festival in Knoxville, Tenn.
None
None
Images from the exhibition at the Jewish Museum.
Painters who have emerged in the last decade appear more free to paint what they want than at any time since the 1930s.
Patch Darragh performs an excerpt from the Roundabout Theater Company's revival of the Tennessee Williams play.
None
None
The film producer Jerry Bruckheimer has become equally prolific in television thanks to procedural dramas.
None
An ambitious undertaking collected small- and medium-size indie-rock bands and planted them on a little-used stretch of land for three days in Monterrey, Mexico.
None
Images from the event on the Lower East Side.
None
None
Images from a new exhibit at the Asia Society.
The legendary 1964 concert film, which has been officially out of circulation for decades, will be released on DVD for the first time on Tuesday.
None
None
Images from the newly expanded museum.
Perhaps the two books on Paul Taylor currently in preparation will finally reveal something about a choreographer who has worked hard to be inexplicable.
None
The prolific author's stories have inspired screenwriters for decades, with mixed results.
The new exhibition at the New-York Historical Society explores a newly available archive of the Grateful Dead.
None
None
None
None
None
None
Images from an exhibit at the Museum of the City of New York.
None
None
After nearly 30 years of pre-Oscar interview specials, Barbara Walters will present her final one on Sunday night.
None
None
None
Photos from the exhibit at the Museum of Modern Art.
None
None
None
Images of the artist and his sculptures.
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
Images from the Newark Museum's exhibit of early 20th-century abstract art.
None
Maggie Siff performs an excerpt from the revival of Sam Shepard's play.
Images captured by Ted Conover, from his globe-spanning book about.
Joseph C. Harrell performs an excerpt from Emily Ackerman and K.J. Sanchez's play about Marines returning home from Iraq and Afghanistan. (Video courtesy of Alex Koch)
Yoko Ono and Sean Lennon reunited the band, an informal group put together by John Lennon, for a performance at Brooklyn Academy of Music.
Images from the exhibition at the Museum of Arts and Design.
The museum attempts to explore a concept that means different things to different people.
Images from exhibits in New York that exemplify different stages of bad-boyness.
The animatic, or moving storyboard, provides a rough draft for the sequence.
None
None
None
None
Images from the exhibition at the Betty Cuningham Gallery in Chelsea.
None
None
None
Images from a printmaking festival in Philadelphia.
The Outsider Art Fair begs the question, what exactly is an Outsider artist?
None
None
Images from an exhibition of Victorian photocollage at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Eli Broad, the billionaire philanthropist, wields an influence in Los Angeles that is unparalleled in any other American city. An interactive map reveals his vast imprint.
None
None
None
None
A look at the onstage dancing at end of a performance of the Broadway revival of "Hair." (Video courtesy of HMS Media)
Celebrities arriving at the annual music awards ceremony in Los Angeles.
What do the programs on Spike and Lifetime tell us about the sexes?
A listing of credits on Monday with a television review of &#8220;Damages,&#8221; on FX, omitted a production company and erroneously included another. Besides Sony Pictures Television and FX Productions, KZK Productions should have been credited, but not No Hands Productions.
A primer on the key characters in the "Lost" saga.
A music review on Wednesday about the New York Nightlife Awards show, at Town Hall, misstated the year the awards began. It was 2003, not 1983.
Because of an editing error, the Critics&#8217; Choice column on Monday about new CDs, including &#8220;Boca Negra&#8221; by the Chicago Underground Duo, misstated the surname of a singer-songwriter with whom a member of the Duo, Chad Taylor, has toured. He is Sam Beam, not Bean.
A picture caption on Monday with an article about the Jaipur Literature Festival in India misspelled the surname of an author shown at the festival. He is Chetan Bhagat, not Chagat.
A picture caption on Jan. 20 with a film review of &#8220;A Room and a Half,&#8221; a fictionalized biography of the poet Joseph Brodsky, misidentified an image from an animated scene in the movie. It showed St. Mark&#8217;s Basilica in Venice, not part of the city of St. Petersburg, Russia.
Melena Ryzik investigates the relationship between filmmaking and collecting free stuff, two staples of the Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah.
In this excerpt from Donald Margulies's play, Sarah (Laura Linney), a photojournalist wounded while on assignment, talks about her photographs with Mandy (Alicia Silverstone). (Video courtesy of Manhattan Theater Club)
An article on Saturday about plans by the New-York Historical Society to open a children&#8217;s history museum next year in the society&#8217;s renovated building misstated part of the title of Louise Mirrer, a top society official. She is president and chief executive, not president and chief economic officer.
An article on Saturday about a colloquium at the John D. Calandra Italian American Institute of Queens College on the MTV reality show &#8220;Jersey Shore&#8221; misstated the contribution of the playwright Mario Fratti to the Broadway musical &#8220;Nine.&#8221; Mr. Fratti, who took part in a question and answer session, is credited with the adaptation from the Italian version he wrote; Arthur Kopit, not Mr. Fratti, wrote the musical&#8217;s book.
Images of tapestries on display at the James Cohan Gallery.
An excerpt from "Corner Store," a film by Katherine Bruens.
An excerpt from "Oh My God! It's Harrod Blank!," a film by David Silberberg.
Fred Tomaselli, Gavin Turk and Shazia Sikander discuss how their original work was translated into tapestry form for the show, "Banners of Persuasion," now at the James Cohan gallery.
At the Park Avenue Armory, 75 art and antiques dealers have gathered to dazzling effect.
The American Antiques Show puts collectors and browsers at ease with quasi-domestic arrangements of antiques and folk art.
"The Drawings of Bronzino" at the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a scholarly tour de force. Holland Cotter reviews.
Melena Ryzik takes a look behind the curtain at the 2010 Golden Globe Awards.
None
All across Europe, populist parties are growing by capitalizing on a very old-fashioned brand of propaganda art.
A show at the Grey Art Gallery reminds us what the arts communities in the East Village, SoHo and TriBeCa were like at the height of the AIDS epidemic.
The Big Apple Circus has returned to Damrosch Park at Lincoln Center with a new show, "Bello Is Back!"
Images from "Design USA: Contemporary Innovation" at the Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum.
An article on Monday about a play by the journalist and author John Conroy inspired by his reporting about accusations that some members of the Chicago Police Department tortured suspects in the 1970s and &#8217;80s misstated, in some editions, the given name of the playwright who wrote &#8220;Copenhagen&#8221; in citing other morality plays. He is Michael Frayn, not Peter.
An article on Monday about a portrait, once believed by some scholars to be the work of Leonardo da Vinci, that is to be auctioned by Sotheby&#8217;s on Jan. 28, misidentified, at one point, the century in which it was thought to have been painted. It was the 15th century, not the 14th.
A theater review on Tuesday about &#8220;L&#8217;Effet de Serge,&#8221; at 3LD Art &#38; Technology Center in Lower Manhattan, misidentified the star. He is Ga&#235;tan Vourc&#8217;h &#151; not Philippe Quesne, who is the director and co-creator of the work with Mr. Vourc&#8217;h.
An article on Wednesday about the effect some of the technologies used to make the film &#8220;Avatar&#8221; might have on future movies, including &#8220;The Adventures of Tintin: Secret of the Unicorn,&#8221; erroneously included a studio among those releasing that film. It will be released by Paramount Pictures and Sony Pictures, but not in conjunction with DreamWorks. (Steven Spielberg of DreamWorks is the director.).
The Books of The Times Review on Friday, about &#8220;The Harvard Psychedelic Club: How Timothy Leary, Ram Dass, Huston Smith and Andrew Weil Killed the Fifties and Ushered In a New Age for America,&#8221; by Don Lattin, referred incorrectly to the death of Diane Linkletter, daughter of the television and radio personality Art Linkletter. While Mr. Linkletter said his daughter was on LSD when she jumped from a window to her death in 1969 and blamed Mr. Leary, an autopsy found no evidence of the drug in her body. The review also referred imprecisely to the Harvard careers of Mr. Leary and Richard Alpert (later known as Ram Dass). While they taught psychology at Harvard, they were in the department of social relations &#151; not the psychology department, which later absorbed the department of social relations.
A dance review on Tuesday about Miami City Ballet misspelled a dancer&#8217;s surname. He is Michael Sean Breeden, not Breedon.
