After a five-year ban and three-month jail term for spot fixing, Mohammad Amir returns to Lord's, cricket's home, to play for Pakistan against England.
Katie Uhlaender finished fourth at the Sochi Games, behind Elena Nikitina, who was among Russian athletes said to be part of a government-run doping program.
France was threadbare at center back in the Euro final, in part because Mamadou Sakho was left off the roster after a doping-related suspension.
For Terry Collins, who managed the National League, it may have seemed like a rerun of the World Series as Eric Hosmer and Salvador Perez pummeled his team.
Contador, a two-time winner of the Tour de France, withdrew from the race during the ninth stage with a fever after falling in the opening two stages.
Carli Lloyd, Hope Solo and Tobin Heath will be chasing their third straight gold medals in Rio, and the American team its fourth.
The record payout, an increase of $4 million from 2015, will produce raises of about 10 percent per round for players.
Court documents released Tuesday show that a man testifying in 2014 said that Mr. Sandusky abused him in the shower in 1976 when he was 14 and that Mr. Paterno was told about it.
Sale said the death of Tony Gwynn, a Padres Hall of Famer who died from salivary gland cancer in 2014, persuaded him to give up the use of smokeless tobacco.
New York City F.C., Adidas, the U.S. Soccer Foundation and New York City will contribute $750,000 apiece to build and maintain the fields in underserved neighborhoods.
Hitters are on pace to hit 5,600 home runs, numbers not seen since the steroid era.
Two teams at the Tour de France equipped their bicycles with Red eTap, a system that allows riders to shift gears electronically.
Ripken, never one to take a day off, took time out from his busy schedule to talk about recent changes in baseball and his favorite baseball memories.
Monday was the first rest day of the Tour de France, providing an opportunity to assess the fortunes of various riders and teams.
Golf, already set to be missing players like Jason Day and Rory McIlroy, will be without another big name when the sport returns to the Games for the first time since 1904.
Chad Le Clos of South Africa will try to defend his gold medal in the 200-meter butterfly as his father and his mother are battling cancer.
The par-3 eighth, called the Postage Stamp, is the shortest hole in the British Open rotation, at just 123 yards. It is also among the trickiest.
The win was his fourth this season, his second in a row, and the 47th of his career. It also gave him fresh impetus as he vies with Nico Rosberg in the driver standings.
Built like a light-heavyweight boxer, with an immense stride and a big heart, Pogba has been a mercurial midfield force in the European Championships.
Aly Raisman and Gabby Douglas defied odds to make it to another Olympics, but each team member had her own reasons for weeping for joy on Sunday.
Rickie Fowler and Patrick Reed said they will join Bubba Watson in Rio. Now everyone is waiting on Jordan Spieth.
Felix will not be able to attempt an Olympic double in Rio, but a 16-year-old became the youngest member of the United States Olympic track team since 1972.
Nordqvist was assessed a two-stroke penalty for touching sand in the hazard, but she was not informed of the violation until three shots into the next hole.
Dansby Swanson and Alex Bregman, the No. 1 and 2 draft picks in 2015, have led closely parallel lives since college, reuniting most recently on the United States team.
The players wore T-shirts addressing the recent shooting deaths of black men by the police, without giving notice to the W.N.B.A.
Colin Montgomerie, 53, will play in what could be his final British Open at Royal Troon, the golf course that he first played on as a child.
Darya Klishina was cleared by the International Association of Athletics Federations to compete as a neutral athlete at the Olympics in Rio. But the final authorization lies with the I.O.C.
A settlement from a 1970 lawsuit filed by Oscar Robertson led to the easy movement and lavish salaries that are now commonplace in the N.B.A.
Miffed over a strike call that he thought should have resulted in a walk, Ellsbury hit the next pitch for a three-run homer that helped the Yankees claw back to .500.
Faced with steep climbs and weather that ranged from searing heat to hail and lightning, Froome finished with a 16-second advantage but could not shake his rivals.
